README.md, before:

# snpeek

Welcome to **snpeek**!

## 🚀 Quickstart for Users

### 1. Clone the Repository

Clone this repository to your local machine:

```
git clone https://github.com/snpeek/snpeek.github.io.git
cd snpeek
```

### 2. Install Dependencies

Ensure [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) is installed, then run:

```
npm install
```

### 3. Start the Application

Launch the application on your local development server:

```
npm run dev
```

Open your browser and navigate to [http://localhost:5173](http://localhost:5173).
Or you can simply click on the link in the same terminal from where you invoke `npm run dev`.

## 💻 For Developers and Contributors

### Setting Up the Development Environment

#### 1. Fork the Repository

Start by forking this repository to your own GitHub account.

#### 2. Clone Your Fork

Clone it to your local machine:

```
git clone ${your_forked_repository_url}
cd snpeek
```

#### 3. Install Dependencies

Run the following command:

```
npm install
```

#### 4. Start the Dev Server

Launch the application on your local development server:

```
npm run dev
```

Open your browser and navigate to [http://localhost:5173](http://localhost:5173).
Or you can simply click on the link in the same terminal from where you invoke `npm run dev`.

### 🏗 Building the Project

Compile the production-ready code:

```
npm run build
```

Preview it:

```
npm run preview
```

### 🧪 Running Tests

Make sure all tests pass before pushing any changes:

```
npm run test
```

### 🤝 How to Contribute

1. **Create a Branch:** Create a new branch for your feature or fix.
2. **Make Your Changes:** Implement and commit your changes with a meaningful message.
3. **Push to GitHub:** Push the branch to your fork on GitHub.
4. **Open a Pull Request:** From your forked repo, create a new pull request to the original repository.

### 📜 Scripts Explanation

A quick overview of available scripts in the `package.json` file:

- `test`: Execute tests with vitest.
- `build`: Build the production version of the application.
- `dev`: Build the development version of the application.
- `gh-deploy-init` and `gh-deploy`: Commands for deploying to GitHub Pages.
- `generate-data`: Utilize mock data scripts for development/testing.

## 📄 License

snpeek is open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

## ✉️ Contact & Support

Feel free to [open an issue](https://github.com/snpeek/snpeek.github.io/issues) for support, questions, or suggestions. We welcome any feedback and contributions!

Commit message:

Blurb declaring use of svelte and sveltekit

README.md, after:

# snpeek

Welcome to **snpeek**!
This project uses [Svelte](https://svelte.dev/) and [SvelteKit](https://kit.svelte.dev/) along with [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/).

## 🚀 Quickstart for Users

### 1. Clone the Repository

Clone this repository to your local machine:

```
git clone https://github.com/snpeek/snpeek.github.io.git
cd snpeek
```

### 2. Install Dependencies

Ensure [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) is installed, then run:

```
npm install
```

### 3. Start the Application

Launch the application on your local development server:

```
npm run dev
```

Open your browser and navigate to [http://localhost:5173](http://localhost:5173).
Or you can simply click on the link in the same terminal from where you invoke `npm run dev`.

## 💻 For Developers and Contributors

### Setting Up the Development Environment

#### 1. Fork the Repository

Start by forking this repository to your own GitHub account.

#### 2. Clone Your Fork

Clone it to your local machine:

```
git clone ${your_forked_repository_url}
cd snpeek
```

#### 3. Install Dependencies

Run the following command:

```
npm install
```

#### 4. Start the Dev Server

Launch the application on your local development server:

```
npm run dev
```

Open your browser and navigate to [http://localhost:5173](http://localhost:5173).
Or you can simply click on the link in the same terminal from where you invoke `npm run dev`.

### 🏗 Building the Project

Compile the production-ready code:

```
npm run build
```

Preview it:

```
npm run preview
```

### 🧪 Running Tests

Make sure all tests pass before pushing any changes:

```
npm run test
```

### 🤝 How to Contribute

1. **Create a Branch:** Create a new branch for your feature or fix.
2. **Make Your Changes:** Implement and commit your changes with a meaningful message.
3. **Push to GitHub:** Push the branch to your fork on GitHub.
4. **Open a Pull Request:** From your forked repo, create a new pull request to the original repository.

### 📜 Scripts Explanation

A quick overview of available scripts in the `package.json` file:

- `test`: Execute tests with vitest.
- `build`: Build the production version of the application.
- `dev`: Build the development version of the application.
- `gh-deploy-init` and `gh-deploy`: Commands for deploying to GitHub Pages.
- `generate-data`: Utilize mock data scripts for development/testing.

## 📄 License

snpeek is open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

## ✉️ Contact & Support

Feel free to [open an issue](https://github.com/snpeek/snpeek.github.io/issues) for support, questions, or suggestions. We welcome any feedback and contributions!
